Feature/georeferencing (#330)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Resource definition data schemas/Schemas/IfcRepresentationResource/Entities/IfcWellKnownTextCRS/Documentation.md

> _IfcWellKnownTextCRS_ is a coordinate reference system that is based on a standardized ISO format (ISO 19182).

Reviewer: ISO 19162 (six, not eight!)

> _IfcWellKnownTextCRS_ is a coordinate reference system that is based on a standardized ISO format (ISO 19162).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_IfcWellKnownTextCRS_ is a coordinate reference system that is defined by a text string whose format is specified in ISO 19162.
```
